just running up the face of that gene
yes you beauty they start down here look
at that that is just perfect
which ways you go oh she's going this
way is he I don't know right so we've
got some tracks but where's our snake he
do it that way I was gonna follow them
this way I've got him I've got him yes I
can see his head just down there and you
probably can't even see him if I take my
snake hook and he follow a line directly
down from the end of that see him
Sidewinder or Pring ways adder is a
Viper and it does have a venom that
could do me harm because it's small it
shouldn't be able to bite through these
thick leather gloves oh look at that
what an utterly beautiful little snake
yeah I know he's only tiny but this is
the master of the jeans Wow
he's striking there and hissing might
well try it oh yes look at that trying
to bite into the leather of my glove
thankfully it's too tougher and to give
these fangs into just alongside these
chunks of grass you get a lot of very
soft sand accumulating the wind blows in
and all this soft sand accumulates here
this is exactly where those little
lizards like to dive and it's also where
this wonderful snake hides and lies in
wait for them
you